W-11525239-compression-module-rewrite-k (#2042)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: compression/2.2/modules/ROOT/pages/compression-module-archive-extract.adoc

= Archiving and Extracting Multiple Entries

The Compression module provides the *Archive* operation that enables you to compress a set of entries into a new archive file and the *Extract* operation that enables you to decompress content that represents an archive file. 

== Configure Archive Operation

> Given an input stream payload, the *Archive* operation enables you to compress all the payload entries into a new archive file in the `Zip` format. The operation receives a map that identifies the entries' values to compress. Then, the operation receives each entry, which is placed inside the compressed archive file with the entry name you provide in a DataWeave expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given an input stream payload, the *Archive* operation enables you to compress all the payload entries into a new archive file in the `Zip` format. The operation receives a map that identifies the values to compress. Then, the operation receives each entry, which is placed inside the compressed archive file with the entry name you provide in a DataWeave expression.
```

. In Studio, drag the *Archive* operation to your flow.
. Set *Entries* to a DataWeave script defining each name of the entry to compress as a key and the content of that entry as its value, for example:
+
[source,dataweave, linenums]
----
{
         summary.pdf: vars.summary,
         'details/result_001.pdf': vars.file1
         'details/result_002.pdf': vars.file2
       }
----

image::compression-archive-operation.png[Compressor operation configuration]

In the *Configuration XML* editor, the configuration looks like this:

[source, xml, linenums]
----
<compression:archive>
   <compression:entries>
    #[
       {
         summary.pdf: vars.summary,
         'details/result_001.pdf': vars.file1
         'details/result_002.pdf': vars.file2
       }
     ]
   </compression:entries>
   <compression:archiver>
       <compression:zip-archiver/>
   </compression:archiver>
</compression:archive>
----

> The resulting archive contains three entries, one named `summary.pdf` at the root level, the others called `result_001.pdf` and `result_002.pdf`, inside a directory called `details`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting archive contains three entries:`summary.pdf`, located at the root level and `result_001.pdf` and `result_002.pdf`, located in the `details` directory.
```

[source]
----
+- content.zip
|  \- summary.pdf
|  \+ details
   |  \- result_001.pdf
   |  \- result_002.pdf

----

> Note that the slash `/` in the name of an entry, for example, `details/result_001.pdf` indicates a directory separation. All names are introspected to create directories inside the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the slash `/` in the name of an entry, for example, `details/result_001.pdf`, indicates a directory separation. All names are introspected to create directories inside the archive.
```

[NOTE]

> If you create the input to the *Archive* operation using a DataWeave expression, the DataWeave expression must output an object, used to build the Java map object. Define unique keys to add the entire object to the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create the input to the *Archive* operation using a DataWeave expression, the DataWeave expression must output an object used to build the Java map object. Define unique keys to add the entire object to the archive.
```

== Configure ZIP64 Archiver Strategy

> An archiver strategy compresses multiple entries into an archive. The Zip archiver strategy declares that the content must be compressed using the `Zip` format. In Studio, the *Archiver* field is set by default. To archive files and byte arrays greater than 4 GB, select the *Force ZIP64* field.

Reviewer: I missed this earlier, but does I'm not sure "Zip format" needs be marked in backticks
